You have a lot of flowers.
So beautiful
My grandfather likes to trim these flowers and plants when he has nothing to do
What beautiful flowers
Yaoyao
Brother Feiyu
I have already agreed with my family.
They agreed with me to be with you
As long as I give up
Just inherit the inheritance my mother left me
Great, dear.
I will treat you well for the rest of my life
But good things don't last.
There's always an exception.
I believe it's man-made.
Destiny
Let's go
Go see grandpa
Li Yuan
I'm here to work with you
Your Su family is nothing in the eyes of our Li family
Because I know where the Imperial Star is.
And you know what?
Li Zeyan is about to marry Su Yao, the eldest lady of our Su family.
And you and Li Zeyan both want the Empire Star
In Su Yaoan's hands
If Li Zeyan were to marry Su Yaoan
Then are you hahaha?
OK
You still have the capital to cooperate with me
Then let's talk about how to cooperate
The little master said
If you marry a repentant woman
He doesn't recognize you as a grandson
Li family men never lack women
Yeah, you can still laugh.
Grandpa is asking you to choose between me and the Li family
The head of the Li family is mine
you
It's mine too.
Do you know what the flower language of hydrangea is?
Is a trap
What do you mean?
Li Zeyan, stop
What are you doing? But people aren't ready yet